README.md, before:

# Occupi

<p align="center">

![GitHub commit activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/y/COS301-SE-2024/occupi?style=flat-square)
![Codecov](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/COS301-SE-2024/occupi?style=flat-square)
![GitHub License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/COS301-SE-2024/occupi?style=flat-square)
![GitHub repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/COS301-SE-2024/occupi?style=flat-square)
![Docs website](https://img.shields.io/website?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcos301-se-2024.github.io%2Foccupi%2F&style=flat-square)
![GitHub Repo stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/COS301-SE-2024/occupi?style=flat-square)

</p>

<p align="center">

![Deploy Landing page](https://github.com/COS301-SE-2024/occupi/actions/workflows/deploy-landing-page.yml/badge.svg)
![Deploy Docs site to Pages](https://github.com/COS301-SE-2024/occupi/actions/workflows/deploy-docs.yml/badge.svg)

</p>

# Table of content

- [Occupi](#occupi)
- [Table of content](#table-of-content)
- [Documentation](#documentation)
- [Accessing the app](#accessing-the-app)
- [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Reporting security issues](#reporting-security-issues)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [Meet the team](#meet-the-team)
- [Additional info](#additional-info)

# Documentation

# Accessing the app

Occupi is a cross-platform app. This means that it is available on mobile, desktop and web.
- If you would like to access the desktop app under the <a href="https://github.com/COS301-SE-2024/occupi/releases">releases tab</a>
- If you would like to access the web app, please access <a href="https://occupi.tech/">occupi-web</a>
- If you would like to access the mobile app, please search for it on either google play store or apples app store. Or simply click the icons below to be taken to their respective download pages.

<p align="center">
<a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps">
  <img height=60 src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/3c/Download_on_the_App_Store_Badge.svg">
</a>
<a href="https://www.apple.com/app-store/">
  <img  height=60 src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/78/Google_Play_Store_badge_EN.svg">
</a>
</p>

# Tech Stack

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://skillicons.dev">
    <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=androidstudio,bun,cypress,docker,figma,go,md,mongodb,postman,py,react,swift,tailwind,tauri,tensorflow,ts,vite,vitest&perline=6&theme=light" />
  </a>
</p>

# Contributing

Please have a look at <a href="CONTRIBUTING.md">CONTRIBUTING.md</a> file to get started.

# Reporting security issues

Please have a look at <a href="SECURITY.md">SECURITY.md</a> file to find out how to report security issues.

# Credits

<a href="https://github.com/COS301-SE-2024/occupi/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=COS301-SE-2024/occupi" />
</a>

# Meet the team
<table style="border-width: 1px; width: 100%; font-family: Arial, sans-serif; border-collapse: collapse;">
  <tr>
    <td style="vertical-align: top; width:auto; border: 0; padding: 10px;">
    </div style="border-radius: 50%;">
      <img src="https://media.licdn.com/dms/image/D5603AQFQe_-7uDZnoQ/profile-displayphoto-shrink_200_200/0/1713336084104?e=1721260800&v=beta&t=jr5CPSDMKJzZ615eYgNbsx-QR9j1GNOKtrMu9DjWLAI" width="800" height="auto" style="display: block; margin: 0 auto; border-radius: 50%;">
    <div>
    </td>
    <td style="vertical-align: top; width: auto; border: 0; padding: 10px;">
      <h2><b style="font-size: 18px;">Michael</b></h2>
      <b style="font-size: 16px;">Project Manager, Backend Developer, DevOps, Infrastructure management, QA engineer</b><br>
      Michael is a computer science enthusiast with a keen interest in creating engaging and aesthetically pleasing CS-related projects. His strengths lie in UI design, FullStack development, DevOps,and Systems Design, making him a versatile contributor to any team.
      <br><br>
      <a href="https://github.com/waveyboym" style="text-decoration: none; margin-right: 10px; display: inline-block; vertical-align: middle;">
        <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=github"/>
      </a>
      <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/wavey/" style="text-decoration: none; margin-right: 10px; display: inline-block; vertical-align: middle;">
        <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=linkedin">
      </a>
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td style="vertical-align: top; width:auto; border: 0; padding: 10px;">
      </div style="border-radius: 50%;">
      <img src="https://media.licdn.com/dms/image/D5603AQFQe_-7uDZnoQ/profile-displayphoto-shrink_200_200/0/1713336084104?e=1721260800&v=beta&t=jr5CPSDMKJzZ615eYgNbsx-QR9j1GNOKtrMu9DjWLAI" width="800" height="auto" style="display: block; margin: 0 auto; border-radius: 50%;">
    <div>
    </td>
    <td style="vertical-align: top; width: auto; border: 0; padding: 10px;">
      <h2><b style="font-size: 18px;">Michael</b></h2>
      <b style="font-size: 16px;">Project Manager, Backend Developer, DevOps, Infrastructure management, QA engineer</b><br>
      Michael is a computer science enthusiast with a keen interest in creating engaging and aesthetically pleasing CS-related projects. His strengths lie in UI design, FullStack development, DevOps,and Systems Design, making him a versatile contributor to any team.
      <br><br>
      <a href="https://github.com/waveyboym" style="text-decoration: none; margin-right: 10px; display: inline-block; vertical-align: middle;">
        <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=github"/>
      </a>
      <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/wavey/" style="text-decoration: none; margin-right: 10px; display: inline-block; vertical-align: middle;">
        <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=linkedin">
      </a>
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td style="vertical-align: top; width:auto; border: 0; padding: 10px;">
      </div style="border-radius: 50%;">
      <img src="https://media.licdn.com/dms/image/D5603AQFQe_-7uDZnoQ/profile-displayphoto-shrink_200_200/0/1713336084104?e=1721260800&v=beta&t=jr5CPSDMKJzZ615eYgNbsx-QR9j1GNOKtrMu9DjWLAI" width="800" height="auto" style="display: block; margin: 0 auto; border-radius: 50%;">
    <div>
    </td>
    <td style="vertical-align: top; width: auto; border: 0; padding: 10px;">
      <h2><b style="font-size: 18px;">Michael</b></h2>
      <b style="font-size: 16px;">Project Manager, Backend Developer, DevOps, Infrastructure management, QA engineer</b><br>
      Michael is a computer science enthusiast with a keen interest in creating engaging and aesthetically pleasing CS-related projects. His strengths lie in UI design, FullStack development, DevOps,and Systems Design, making him a versatile contributor to any team.
      <br><br>
      <a href="https://github.com/waveyboym" style="text-decoration: none; margin-right: 10px; display: inline-block; vertical-align: middle;">
        <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=github"/>
      </a>
      <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/wavey/" style="text-decoration: none; margin-right: 10px; display: inline-block; vertical-align: middle;">
        <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=linkedin">
      </a>
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td style="vertical-align: top; width:auto; border: 0; padding: 10px;">
      </div style="border-radius: 50%;">
      <img src="https://media.licdn.com/dms/image/D5603AQFQe_-7uDZnoQ/profile-displayphoto-shrink_200_200/0/1713336084104?e=1721260800&v=beta&t=jr5CPSDMKJzZ615eYgNbsx-QR9j1GNOKtrMu9DjWLAI" width="800" height="auto" style="display: block; margin: 0 auto; border-radius: 50%;">
    <div>
    </td>
    <td style="vertical-align: top; width: auto; border: 0; padding: 10px;">
      <h2><b style="font-size: 18px;">Michael</b></h2>
      <b style="font-size: 16px;">Project Manager, Backend Developer, DevOps, Infrastructure management, QA engineer</b><br>
      Michael is a computer science enthusiast with a keen interest in creating engaging and aesthetically pleasing CS-related projects. His strengths lie in UI design, FullStack development, DevOps,and Systems Design, making him a versatile contributor to any team.
      <br><br>
      <a href="https://github.com/waveyboym" style="text-decoration: none; margin-right: 10px; display: inline-block; vertical-align: middle;">
        <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=github"/>
      </a>
      <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/wavey/" style="text-decoration: none; margin-right: 10px; display: inline-block; vertical-align: middle;">
        <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=linkedin">
      </a>
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td style="vertical-align: top; width:auto; border: 0; padding: 10px;">
      </div style="border-radius: 50%;">
      <img src="https://media.licdn.com/dms/image/D5603AQFQe_-7uDZnoQ/profile-displayphoto-shrink_200_200/0/1713336084104?e=1721260800&v=beta&t=jr5CPSDMKJzZ615eYgNbsx-QR9j1GNOKtrMu9DjWLAI" width="800" height="auto" style="display: block; margin: 0 auto; border-radius: 50%;">
    <div>
    </td>
    <td style="vertical-align: top; width: auto; border: 0; padding: 10px;">
      <h2><b style="font-size: 18px;">Michael</b></h2>
      <b style="font-size: 16px;">Project Manager, Backend Developer, DevOps, Infrastructure management, QA engineer</b><br>
      Michael is a computer science enthusiast with a keen interest in creating engaging and aesthetically pleasing CS-related projects. His strengths lie in UI design, FullStack development, DevOps,and Systems Design, making him a versatile contributor to any team.
      <br><br>
      <a href="https://github.com/waveyboym" style="text-decoration: none; margin-right: 10px; display: inline-block; vertical-align: middle;">
        <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=github"/>
      </a>
      <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/wavey/" style="text-decoration: none; margin-right: 10px; display: inline-block; vertical-align: middle;">
        <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=linkedin">
      </a>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

# Additional info

Commit message:

Add images for Occupi logos

README.md, after:

<p align="center">

![logo](/presentation/Occupi/file%20(3).png)
![logo with app name](/presentation/Occupi/file%20(1).png)

</p>

<p align="center">

![GitHub commit activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/y/COS301-SE-2024/occupi?style=flat-square)
![Codecov](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/COS301-SE-2024/occupi?style=flat-square)
![GitHub License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/COS301-SE-2024/occupi?style=flat-square)
![GitHub repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/COS301-SE-2024/occupi?style=flat-square)
![Docs website](https://img.shields.io/website?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcos301-se-2024.github.io%2Foccupi%2F&style=flat-square)
![GitHub Repo stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/COS301-SE-2024/occupi?style=flat-square)

</p>

<p align="center">

![Deploy Landing page](https://github.com/COS301-SE-2024/occupi/actions/workflows/deploy-landing-page.yml/badge.svg)
![Deploy Docs site to Pages](https://github.com/COS301-SE-2024/occupi/actions/workflows/deploy-docs.yml/badge.svg)

</p>

# Table of content

- [Table of content](#table-of-content)
- [Documentation](#documentation)
- [Accessing the app](#accessing-the-app)
- [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Reporting security issues](#reporting-security-issues)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [Meet the team](#meet-the-team)
- [Additional info](#additional-info)

# Documentation

# Accessing the app

Occupi is a cross-platform app. This means that it is available on mobile, desktop and web.
- If you would like to access the desktop app under the <a href="https://github.com/COS301-SE-2024/occupi/releases">releases tab</a>
- If you would like to access the web app, please access <a href="https://occupi.tech/">occupi-web</a>
- If you would like to access the mobile app, please search for it on either google play store or apples app store. Or simply click the icons below to be taken to their respective download pages.

<p align="center">
<a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps">
  <img height=60 src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/3c/Download_on_the_App_Store_Badge.svg">
</a>
<a href="https://www.apple.com/app-store/">
  <img  height=60 src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/78/Google_Play_Store_badge_EN.svg">
</a>
</p>

# Tech Stack

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://skillicons.dev">
    <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=androidstudio,bun,cypress,docker,figma,go,md,mongodb,postman,py,react,swift,tailwind,tauri,tensorflow,ts,vite,vitest&perline=6&theme=light" />
  </a>
</p>

# Contributing

Please have a look at <a href="CONTRIBUTING.md">CONTRIBUTING.md</a> file to get started.

# Reporting security issues

Please have a look at <a href="SECURITY.md">SECURITY.md</a> file to find out how to report security issues.

# Credits

<a href="https://github.com/COS301-SE-2024/occupi/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=COS301-SE-2024/occupi" />
</a>

# Meet the team
<table style="border-width: 1px; width: 100%; font-family: Arial, sans-serif; border-collapse: collapse;">
  <tr>
    <td style="vertical-align: top; width:auto; border: 0; padding: 10px;">
    </div style="border-radius: 50%;">
      <img src="https://media.licdn.com/dms/image/D5603AQFQe_-7uDZnoQ/profile-displayphoto-shrink_200_200/0/1713336084104?e=1721260800&v=beta&t=jr5CPSDMKJzZ615eYgNbsx-QR9j1GNOKtrMu9DjWLAI" width="800" height="auto" style="display: block; margin: 0 auto; border-radius: 50%;">
    <div>
    </td>
    <td style="vertical-align: top; width: auto; border: 0; padding: 10px;">
      <h2><b style="font-size: 18px;">Michael</b></h2>
      <b style="font-size: 16px;">Project Manager, Backend Developer, DevOps, Infrastructure management, QA engineer</b><br>
      Michael is a computer science enthusiast with a keen interest in creating engaging and aesthetically pleasing CS-related projects. His strengths lie in UI design, FullStack development, DevOps,and Systems Design, making him a versatile contributor to any team.
      <br><br>
      <a href="https://github.com/waveyboym" style="text-decoration: none; margin-right: 10px; display: inline-block; vertical-align: middle;">
        <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=github"/>
      </a>
      <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/wavey/" style="text-decoration: none; margin-right: 10px; display: inline-block; vertical-align: middle;">
        <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=linkedin">
      </a>
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td style="vertical-align: top; width:auto; border: 0; padding: 10px;">
      </div style="border-radius: 50%;">
      <img src="https://media.licdn.com/dms/image/D5603AQFQe_-7uDZnoQ/profile-displayphoto-shrink_200_200/0/1713336084104?e=1721260800&v=beta&t=jr5CPSDMKJzZ615eYgNbsx-QR9j1GNOKtrMu9DjWLAI" width="800" height="auto" style="display: block; margin: 0 auto; border-radius: 50%;">
    <div>
    </td>
    <td style="vertical-align: top; width: auto; border: 0; padding: 10px;">
      <h2><b style="font-size: 18px;">Michael</b></h2>
      <b style="font-size: 16px;">Project Manager, Backend Developer, DevOps, Infrastructure management, QA engineer</b><br>
      Michael is a computer science enthusiast with a keen interest in creating engaging and aesthetically pleasing CS-related projects. His strengths lie in UI design, FullStack development, DevOps,and Systems Design, making him a versatile contributor to any team.
      <br><br>
      <a href="https://github.com/waveyboym" style="text-decoration: none; margin-right: 10px; display: inline-block; vertical-align: middle;">
        <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=github"/>
      </a>
      <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/wavey/" style="text-decoration: none; margin-right: 10px; display: inline-block; vertical-align: middle;">
        <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=linkedin">
      </a>
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td style="vertical-align: top; width:auto; border: 0; padding: 10px;">
      </div style="border-radius: 50%;">
      <img src="https://media.licdn.com/dms/image/D5603AQFQe_-7uDZnoQ/profile-displayphoto-shrink_200_200/0/1713336084104?e=1721260800&v=beta&t=jr5CPSDMKJzZ615eYgNbsx-QR9j1GNOKtrMu9DjWLAI" width="800" height="auto" style="display: block; margin: 0 auto; border-radius: 50%;">
    <div>
    </td>
    <td style="vertical-align: top; width: auto; border: 0; padding: 10px;">
      <h2><b style="font-size: 18px;">Michael</b></h2>
      <b style="font-size: 16px;">Project Manager, Backend Developer, DevOps, Infrastructure management, QA engineer</b><br>
      Michael is a computer science enthusiast with a keen interest in creating engaging and aesthetically pleasing CS-related projects. His strengths lie in UI design, FullStack development, DevOps,and Systems Design, making him a versatile contributor to any team.
      <br><br>
      <a href="https://github.com/waveyboym" style="text-decoration: none; margin-right: 10px; display: inline-block; vertical-align: middle;">
        <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=github"/>
      </a>
      <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/wavey/" style="text-decoration: none; margin-right: 10px; display: inline-block; vertical-align: middle;">
        <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=linkedin">
      </a>
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td style="vertical-align: top; width:auto; border: 0; padding: 10px;">
      </div style="border-radius: 50%;">
      <img src="https://media.licdn.com/dms/image/D5603AQFQe_-7uDZnoQ/profile-displayphoto-shrink_200_200/0/1713336084104?e=1721260800&v=beta&t=jr5CPSDMKJzZ615eYgNbsx-QR9j1GNOKtrMu9DjWLAI" width="800" height="auto" style="display: block; margin: 0 auto; border-radius: 50%;">
    <div>
    </td>
    <td style="vertical-align: top; width: auto; border: 0; padding: 10px;">
      <h2><b style="font-size: 18px;">Michael</b></h2>
      <b style="font-size: 16px;">Project Manager, Backend Developer, DevOps, Infrastructure management, QA engineer</b><br>
      Michael is a computer science enthusiast with a keen interest in creating engaging and aesthetically pleasing CS-related projects. His strengths lie in UI design, FullStack development, DevOps,and Systems Design, making him a versatile contributor to any team.
      <br><br>
      <a href="https://github.com/waveyboym" style="text-decoration: none; margin-right: 10px; display: inline-block; vertical-align: middle;">
        <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=github"/>
      </a>
      <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/wavey/" style="text-decoration: none; margin-right: 10px; display: inline-block; vertical-align: middle;">
        <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=linkedin">
      </a>
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td style="vertical-align: top; width:auto; border: 0; padding: 10px;">
      </div style="border-radius: 50%;">
      <img src="https://media.licdn.com/dms/image/D5603AQFQe_-7uDZnoQ/profile-displayphoto-shrink_200_200/0/1713336084104?e=1721260800&v=beta&t=jr5CPSDMKJzZ615eYgNbsx-QR9j1GNOKtrMu9DjWLAI" width="800" height="auto" style="display: block; margin: 0 auto; border-radius: 50%;">
    <div>
    </td>
    <td style="vertical-align: top; width: auto; border: 0; padding: 10px;">
      <h2><b style="font-size: 18px;">Michael</b></h2>
      <b style="font-size: 16px;">Project Manager, Backend Developer, DevOps, Infrastructure management, QA engineer</b><br>
      Michael is a computer science enthusiast with a keen interest in creating engaging and aesthetically pleasing CS-related projects. His strengths lie in UI design, FullStack development, DevOps,and Systems Design, making him a versatile contributor to any team.
      <br><br>
      <a href="https://github.com/waveyboym" style="text-decoration: none; margin-right: 10px; display: inline-block; vertical-align: middle;">
        <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=github"/>
      </a>
      <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/wavey/" style="text-decoration: none; margin-right: 10px; display: inline-block; vertical-align: middle;">
        <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=linkedin">
      </a>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

# Additional info

![logo with app name](/presentation/Occupi/Occupi-black.png)
![sponsor](/presentation/Sponsor/Deloitte_Logo.jpg)
