frontend/occupi-mobile/README.md, before:

# Welcome to your Expo app 👋

This is an [Expo](https://expo.dev) project created with [`create-expo-app`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/create-expo-app).

## Get started

1. Install dependencies

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. Start the app

   ```bash
    npx expo start
   ```

In the output, you'll find options to open the app in a

- [development build](https://docs.expo.dev/develop/development-builds/introduction/)
- [Android emulator](https://docs.expo.dev/workflow/android-studio-emulator/)
- [iOS simulator](https://docs.expo.dev/workflow/ios-simulator/)
- [Expo Go](https://expo.dev/go), a limited sandbox for trying out app development with Expo

You can start developing by editing the files inside the **app** directory. This project uses [file-based routing](https://docs.expo.dev/router/introduction).

## Get a fresh project

When you're ready, run:

```bash
npm run reset-project
```

This command will move the starter code to the **app-example** directory and create a blank **app** directory where you can start developing.

## Learn more

To learn more about developing your project with Expo, look at the following resources:

- [Expo documentation](https://docs.expo.dev/): Learn fundamentals, or go into advanced topics with our [guides](https://docs.expo.dev/guides).
- [Learn Expo tutorial](https://docs.expo.dev/tutorial/introduction/): Follow a step-by-step tutorial where you'll create a project that runs on Android, iOS, and the web.

## Join the community

Join our community of developers creating universal apps.

- [Expo on GitHub](https://github.com/expo/expo): View our open source platform and contribute.
- [Discord community](https://chat.expo.dev): Chat with Expo users and ask questions.

Commit message:

chore: Remove unused files and configurations for documentation

frontend/occupi-mobile/README.md, after:

# Welcome to Occupi-Mobile 👋

//place mobile app renderings here

**NB: This is an [Expo](https://expo.dev) project created with [`create-expo-app`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/create-expo-app).**

## Get yourself set up for development

1. We use bun as our package manager. Please download it at <a href="https://bun.sh/docs/installation">bun</a>.
2. Install dependencies

   ```bash
   bun install
   ```

3. If you want to develop with a simulator, you will need to install <a href="https://docs.expo.dev/workflow/android-studio-emulator/">Android Studio</a> for android development or <a href="https://docs.expo.dev/workflow/ios-simulator/">xcode(only for MacOS)</a> for iOS development. We instead recommend using your own device as the development environment using <a href="https://expo.dev/go">Expo Go</a>
4. Start the app

   ```bash
    bun expo start
   ```

## Development cycle(with Expo Go)

//add more details

## Development cycle(using the Simulator)

//add more details

## Learn more

To learn more about developing your project with Expo, look at the following resources:

- [Expo documentation](https://docs.expo.dev/): Learn fundamentals, or go into advanced topics with our [guides](https://docs.expo.dev/guides).
- [Learn Expo tutorial](https://docs.expo.dev/tutorial/introduction/): Follow a step-by-step tutorial where you'll create a project that runs on Android, iOS, and the web.
